Welcome to JADynamics, the very first facial recognition doorbell! Everyone here wants you to be a part of the JADynamics family.

At JADynamics, we strongly believe in our founding principle “convenient safety”. 

Here below are the objectives for our app-controlled doorbell and added security:

We aspire to create a secure, state of the art doorbell that recognizes faces, to the discretion of the homeowner. This will give the homeowner full-control of who’s allowed in the home. In our app, we have categorized four columns which give the following access and certain privileges:

Residents:
This is reserved for all the residents of a house


Family:
This is reserved for close family members

Guests:
This is reserved for friends and guests at the homeowner’s discretion

Banned:
Needless to say, this is reserved for guests who are banned from the premise

2. We aspire to add security to your place of residence to ensure that extra layer of comfort and safety.

3. JADynamics aims to lower the crime rate in neighborhoods of lower class.

4. 




While JADynamics adheres to the principles highlighted above, the following are principles that JADynamics does not support:

The use of tampering the internal face camera to break into homes. With the all-new technology designed with these cameras, we are able to tell the difference between a photograph, and a real human.

Hacking the user interface of any kind. This is strictly prohibited and will not be tolerated. Our doorbell is designed to ensure an extra layer of safety.

The collection of individual data. Most companies are known to do this, but we ethically cannot afford to do this, as this can hurt users.

With JADynamics as just a startup, we are seeking talented individuals to build this company from the ground up. 

Satya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft
Microsoft is a top 5 technology company. Given the guidance of a long-term employee of Microsoft, and the CEO, we need someone to oversee all the operations.

2. Jack Black
He’s the actor we all know who’s played in movies such as Kung Fu Panda, the newest Juamnji movies, and the most recent Super Mario Bros Movie. Jack Black would be great for marketing, as we need to appeal to a large age group.

3. Bill Gates, cofounder of Microsoft
We could hire an abundance of workers who have experience with software development, but we can only hire so many of those. In order to run a successful start-up, we need someone to help with our finances and accounting. As the cofounder of Microsoft, Bill Gates has enough experience to give us the proper guidance to become the company we strive to become.
